Today we're talking about hooks. If you
want to get more views on your videos,
you need to create better hooks. But
here's the thing. I'm not just going to
give you the basic advice like make your
hooks negative or any of the other
generic horse [__] That is not what you
need. What you need is three viral hook
frameworks that you can follow step by
step and use instantly to get more
views. And if you use any of the three
viral hook frameworks that I'm going to
give you in today's video, I guarant
[__] tee you that your videos will
perform better. And I'm so confident in
that because I've been using these three
hook frameworks for the past 2 years and
built my own Instagram to over 300,000
followers with them and helped hundreds
of other business owners go viral as
well. And these are the exact same three
hook frameworks that I'm going to give
you today. Starting with hook framework
number one, cost narration. Now, I
perfected this hook framework about 18
months ago whenever I posted this video
that got over a million views. And for
you to use this framework, for you to do
the same, you must first understand what
cost narration is. So cost narration is
just whenever you increase the perceived
value of the information you're going to
share in your video by either
highlighting the time, money, or both
that you invested to gain the knowledge,
expertise that you're introducing. So,
for example, instead of saying, "Here's
what I learned from Alex Hermoszy's
event," you could automatically make
your hook 10 times better in your video
scene 10 times more valuable by just
saying, "This weekend I flew all the way
to Chicago and spent close to $20,000 to
have been the Alex Mosy event, and these
are my top three valuable takeaways." I
just said the same [__] thing, but
all of the sudden you have so much more
buyin into the information that I'm
about to give because I increased the
perceived value by highlighting the
money I invested to gain that set
information. So for the viewer, it now
feels like it's a $20,000 [__] video.
Here's another example of a hook cost
narrating with time. So instead of if
you get nervous on stage right before
every speech, always do this ritual. You
would swap that for if you have anxiety
when you have to present or speak in
front of a large audience. This will
change your life. I've given almost a
thousand speeches within my lifetime.
And right before every single one of my
speeches, I do a ritual that slows down
time, removes all the nerves, and makes
you feel like you're the only person in
the room. Do you see the difference?
Your hook just miraculously goes from
here's a tip to fill us nervous to
here's 1,000 speeches worth of wisdom
distilled down into a singular ritual
that will solve all of your problems.
Here's one more example, but this time
cost narrating with time and money. Here
are the top five things to look out for
on your next family vacation. I've
visited over a 100 countries, spent over
$100,000 on travel in the last decade,
and here are my five hidden gems for
your family to visit that you will not
find in any travel guide. See how
powerful that is? Literally, you're just
taking whatever your base hook is, and
instead of just saying, "Here's what I'm
going to give you," you narrate your
hook and highlights either the time,
money, or both that you had to spend to
acquire that information. And it will
instantly make your video perform better
and make your video perceived as more
valuable. Hook framework number two, the
train bloom framework. Now, if you have
not seen this guy's content recently,
then you're living under a [__] rock.
Within the past 35 videos that this
guy's posted to his account, he has
averaged 3.8 million views. Within the
past 35 videos, he is averaging 3.8
million views. And the strategy that
he's using to do it is this hook
framework. So, let's go and take a look
at an example from the man himself. Now,
this video in particular got 16 million
views. So, let's go and take a look. Is
when I see somebody wearing an Apple
Watch and they post it after their
workout. Really? You burned 1,500
calories in an
hour? Exactly how inaccurate are these?
Well, lucky for us, Stanford researchers
wanted to find out. Did you see that? He
followed a very methodical structure. He
found a viral video and then after
finding said viral video and reacting to
it, he sparked your curiosity by posing
a question in the viewer's mind. And
then after your curiosity is peaked, he
immediately moved into satisfying your
curiosity by introducing a third-party
authority. Let's take a look at another
example so you can notice it. This video
got 7.3 million views. Pay attention.
They're actually talking about school
opening up again in a few days.
What the [__] are you talking about? She
is right. Your metabolism isn't slowing
down, but something else might be.
Researchers at Duke University recently
finished one of the biggest studies on
our metabolisms ever done. He just did
the same [__] So, he started with a
viral video that is already proven to
get people's attention. Then he peaked
curiosity by saying, "Your metabolism
isn't slowing down, but something else
might be. All of a sudden, you want to
know, well, what else is slowing down my
metabolism?" And then he immediately
moves into the third party authority by
saying, "Researchers at Duke University
recently finished one of the biggest
studies on our metabolism." Are you
starting to notice a pattern here? Let's
take a look at one more. So, this one
gets 6 million views. Let's take a
look. Does how long you rest between
sets matter? Probably more than you
think. Here's why. Researchers wanted to
know. So, they took two groups of people
and put them on the exact same workout
routine. So, as you can [__] notice,
he's obviously using the same [__]
structure. starting with a viral video
and then he moves into peing your
curiosity. So how he did that is he said
does how long you rest in between sets
matter probably more than you think
here's why and then he immediately moves
into a third party authority by saying
researchers wanted to know so obviously
we can see the structure is what he's
using and you can see how well it's
working so how do you implement it into
your content and use this hook
framework. Well first things first you
need to find a viral video and react to
it. Now it is important that you pick a
viral video. If you pick a [__] video
that didn't get views in the first
place, then you are not going to get
views either because you're literally
just borrowing the hook from a video
that is proven to be ineffective.
However, if you choose a viral video,
then you're almost guaranteeing that
your video will perform well, at least
within the first 3 to 5 seconds because
you're borrowing the hook from a video
that is already proven to be effective.
So go out and find a viral video and
then whenever you find a viral video to
react to, watch the viral video and then
cut it as soon as the juicy part is over
and then pose a question in the viewer's
mind. And then once you pose that
question and their curiosity is peaked,
then you immediately transition into
satisfying the viewer's curiosity by
transitioning immediately into
introducing a third party authority that
found the answer. And the third party
authority meaning either maybe it might
be a reference to a study maybe it's a
quote from a well-known individual or
figure within your niche and maybe it's
just a statistic from an article just
any third party authority. So if I was
going to make a video using the chain
bloom framework to give you a vision on
what it would look like it would look
something like this. Over the last 14
years I read over 400 books. No cap.
This would be the top five that you have
to read if getting your [__] together is
on the agenda. Damn, that hook was good.
But why does him being in prison make it
so much better? Well, Princeton
University actually studied this.
They're [__] hooked. That's all it
takes. Now, all you have to do after you
you hook them with that is walk them
through the third party authority. Well,
what the third party author authority
found and break down how this translates
into the viewers's life. Then, bada
bing, bada boom, bada bam, you have
yourself a viral [__] video. The
third hook framework, the RSV framework.
Now, I have a short form video that
explains this RSB in hook framework. So,
let's go and watch it together. Now, as
you watch the video together, what
you'll notice is that I used the train
bloom strategy inside the video. That
easier for the hook? No, but I still
used it. So, look out for that as well.
Let's go and take a look. 100 views hook
versus 1 million views hook. Here's five
side hustles to make 5K per month in
passive income.
If you want to wake up to notifications
like this even while you're on vacation,
then here are five side hustles that
allow you to do just that. Damn, that
hook was good. But what made it so much
better? Princeton University actually
studied this. Whenever you just mention
the result in your hook, it only
activates two parts of your viewer's
brain. But whenever you describe the
story of what it's like to experience
that result, it lights up seven, which
makes it three times more neurologically
engaging than just mentioning the result
itself. So, how do you implement this
into your hooks? Simple with RSV, not
HSV,
RSV, result, scene, and vehicle. So,
your hook needs to mention the desirable
result of your viewer. You need to
create a scene in the viewer's mind of
what it's like to achieve said result.
And you need to tell them the vehicle
that's going to allow them to create
that said result. So, for example,
instead of just saying, "Here's how to
make 30 videos in less than an
hour." Imagine it's only 10:00 a.m. and
you batched a full month's worth of
content in less than an hour. This is
the exact system that I use to do it.
Now, instead of just mentioning a
result, we describe the scene in the
vehicle. The scene being that it's only
10:00 a.m. and a full month's worth of
content is done, and the vehicle being
my system that allowed me to do it.
Beautiful [__] video, if I do say so
myself, but to the point. RSV. So,
result scene vehicle. This framework is
so effective because when you create the
scene of the desirable experience that
your viewer wants, they're able to or
they more so begin to imagine themselves
in that experience and get drawn into
learning how to turn it into a reality,
aka getting hooked into your [__]
video. But if you start off with just
selling a desirable result, then the
viewer can't see themselves inside of
it. They just see the result that you're
promising them. So, whenever you're
creating a hook around a desire, make
sure that you are in no particular order
using RSVP. Are you making the results
of your video known? Are you creating
the scene in your viewers's mind on how
the results feels and what the
experience is going to be like? And are
you making it clear that your video has
the vehicle to get them there? There are
your three hook frameworks. So, you had
C narration framework, you had the train
bloom framework, then lastly, you had
the RSV framework. Now, if you want a
two-page document that has examples and
templates of each hook framework to
where you can pretty much just copy and
paste proven hooks following one of the
three frameworks that I mentioned today,
I had my lead content researcher spend 9
hours to make that happen. So, if you
want access to this PDF, all you have to
do is go to Instagram and message me the
word candle and I will send it to you
for free. Until next time, subscribe for
more